Ugh, weddings should be held in jeans, with cold beers in hand, and a bar full of young
handsome studs.
Well, there's one right here, I'm here to help you find a pair of jeans.
Sorry, who are you?
I'm Hank, black sheep at the Grayson family.
Oh, ah, sorry, the Daven and the other guests are in the hall.
Why does he look so familiar?
Vivian, true love will turn your wishes into reality.
Hey, sorry, it's my first time I had this joint, I heard Daven was telling the mat, you
mind pointing me in the right direction?
Um, yep, yeah, just through that door.
I work at a bar, so I'm used to dealing with drunk assholes, so could you kindly get the
fuck out of here before I kick your balls into the back of your throat?
I'm so sorry, I don't know what came over me.
No enough.
Leave now.
I'm sorry.
You said this one?
Quickly.
My God.
I'm thinking about that dream.
And that damn kiss.
Nope.
Today, you are marrying a billionaire who proposed to you three times.
He is the love of your life.
He's not the...
I wish this stupid dress and that pretentious bottle of champagne would just rip apart.